The heels of her boots clinking on the big marble tiles joined strange music generated by the few pedestrians criss-crossing the Viam Victoria, on their way home after finishing a particularly long shift in the Archive. 

Like most nobles, Erika would rarely concern herself with walking places, much less _home_. But she had spent the last month on a ship, and the welcome respite from the battlefields of TODO had quickly turned to boredom. It was winter in Decorat, and the early night had brought with with it the usual chill. As she walked along the Viam, Erika slipped into her stormcoat -- which she usually wore over her shoulders --, and she clasped it closed. Walking beside her, Tristan rubbed his head against her leg, calling for her attention.

"I know, dear." Erika said. "He's been following us since our run-in with the Enforcers." She said turning her head and raising her voice.

At this mention, the shadow that was sticking out of one of the street corner dipped back into the side-street, somehow managing to look startled. This was all the confirmation Erika needed; _he's not a threat_. She removed her hand from her lasgun, and she kept walking down the street.

"I wonder what Papa will say when he sees you" Said Erika to Tristan. The cat didn't respond. "TODO butler name said he's sick, but he didn't say how. The man seemed beside himself in the communique, but he insisted on not telling me." 

She had spent most of her journey thinking about it, but she hand't been able to come up with a good guess regarding her father's illness. _Papa was also a decorated veteran, TODO butler name knows what kind of strings I've had to pull to be allowed to return here. What could be so bad to make me abandon the frontline?_

