At House Belcroft
-----------------

The heels of her boots clinking on the big marble tiles joined strange music generated by the few pedestrians criss-crossing the Viam Victoria, on their way home after finishing a particularly long shift in the Archive. 

Like most nobles, Erika would rarely concern herself with walking places, much less _home_. But she had spent the last month on a ship, and the welcome respite from the battlefields of TODO had quickly turned to boredom. It was winter in Decorat, and the early night had brought with with it the usual chill. As she walked along the Viam, Erika slipped into her grey stormcoat -- which she usually wore over her shoulders --, and she clasped it closed. Walking beside her, Tristan rubbed his head against her leg, calling for her attention.

"I know, dear." Erika said, turning her head. "He's been following us since our run-in with the Enforcers." She raised her voice for that last part.

At this mention, the shadow that was sticking out of one of the street corner somehow managed to look startled, and dipped back into the side-street. This was all the confirmation Erika needed: _Not a threat_. She removed her hand from her lasgun, and she kept walking down the street.

"I wonder what Papa will say when he sees you" Said Erika to Tristan. The cat didn't respond, but rather looked at her inquisitively. "Olin said he's sick, but he didn't say how. The man seemed beside himself in the communique, but he insisted on not telling me."

She had spent most of her journey thinking about it, but she hand't been able to come up with a good guess. _Olin knows what kind of strings I'd have to pull to be allowed to return here. What could be so bad to make me abandon the frontline?_ Her storm coat couldn't guard her from the chill that ran down her spine at that thought. Almost inadvertently, she quickened her pace towards the spires.

At the end of Viam Victoria, right before arriving at the Grand Archive, Erika turned left towards the Spiregate. 

She'd always liked how the gates towered well over anyone who approached. She usually liked how the lights of fliers passing to and from reflected off the polished adamantium, creating interesting patterns. Right now, she loved how there was nobody but a guard around her. Most people weren't allowed through those doors, and nobles rarely crossed them by foot, particularly during a winter night such as this one.

She stood still for a moment, enjoying a rare moment of silence and solitude, and approached the door.

TODO conflict with the guard?

Half an hour later, she was standing at the doors of House Belcroft. Though small when compared to the biggest houses in Decorat, her family's seat could comfortably house a hundred guests. Erika remembered the balls she'd attended as a child. Now, an air of abandon painted the facade of the mansion. Most windows were shut and caked with dust, and the ornate marble stairway leading to the door was covered in fallen leaves from the garden's trees. A single light came out of the building, _Papa's study_ Erika remembered.

Erika felt Tristan tense on her shoulder as they approached the main entrance. By the time she knocked at the wooden gate, he was growling.

"Shhh, dear. Everything's fine." She knew better than to try to pet the cat now, but her words seemed to calm him somewhat.

"We're not expecting visitors. Please leave the premises immediately." Said a familiar -- but rather agitated -- voice from the other side of the door.

"It's me, Olin. Erika" she answered. Then, turning to Tristan "see? It's just Olin!" something in her tone made the cat relax a little bit.

"Mamzel? Could that really be you? Pardon my impropriety, please come in, come in!" A loud clink, a pneumatic hiss and a metallic thud followed those words, unbolting the door. The reinforced blast door started moving into the house, revealing the old butler's hunched figure. "I beg your pardon, but one needs be careful these times."

"Careful with what, Olin?" asked Erika. What could be so bad that it could threaten them here, in the Spires? Even worse -- what could be so bad that _Olin_ couldn't deal with it?

"Best not to discuss it here, Mamzel Erika. Come in, I'll have the servitors prepare refreshments." He signalled inside. As Erika stepped into the threshold, Olin said "will that... thing be joining us, Mamzel?"  Tristan's ears perked up at the mention. He chirped, and stared at the butler intently.

"Yes, Olin. Tristan will be joining us. He's been with me in TODO station, he's not staying outside now."
 
"As you please, Mamzel. I only pray to the Throne he doesn't break anything." Tristan looked as innocent as he could.

_He hasn't changed a bit_, Erika thought as they followed the old butler to the social room upstairs. He still wore the same black suit with the gold-embroidered lining around the cuffs and neck, and he walked with the same surprisingly brisk pace for someone his age.

_The house, however, has changed somewhat in these forty years_. Erika couldn't put her finger on it, _it feels... colder_. Even when the butler turned on the light of the main hall, the echoes of their shoes stepping on the main stairwell contrasted resoundingly with Erika's memories of parties and society events.

When they reached the social room on the first floor, Erika collapsed in one of the red velvet armchairs. Tristan jumped off her shoulder and started to move about the room, smelling everything.

"A bit of amasec, please Olin" said Erika, rubbing her eyes. 

"Of course, " Olin pressed a few buttons on the wall-mounted console "the servitors will bring it shortly".

"So, tell me. Why am I here?" said Erika, sitting upright. It was time for some answers. Olin's face turned to her, and he adopted a grave expression.

"It's Lord Belcroft, Mamzel. A short while after Lady Belcroft passed, he started having nightmares." Erika's mood sombered at the mention of her mother's death. She had recieved the news on the front: _"A mugging gone wrong", it said_. At least this journey would give her the chance of visiting her grave for an adequate goodbye, even if it was six years too late.

"I'm sorry to hear that, but we both know that's not reason enough to pull me out of the frontline."

"It is not. See, we didn't think much of them at first. Thone knows the Lord saw some unsavoury things before retiring, so I attributed it to the emotional blow awakening memories of some past battle." Olin's tone was growing darker, and a shadow started covering his eyes. "But they didn't stop, Mamzel, they got worse. Even well after he'd had time to mourn our dear Lady, the nightmares started coming more often, and more violently. Now, it is a rare night where the Lord doesn't wake up screaming."

"That still doesn't explain what I can do to help."

"Apologies, Mamzel. I was about to explain. Something has happened recently. Your father has become more... reclusive. He spends his days in his study, and will barely speak with me, never mind the rest of the staff. Sometimes, I can't help but overhear him talking to himself inside his room. If I didn't know better, I'd swear I heard him talk about matters of a deeply forbidden nature." Erika had never seen Olin's eyes stare so intensely as he was right now.

Erika's mind started firing, remembering the incident earlier that day. A chiling suspicion started to creep into her mind.

"I'm scared, Mamzel. Scared of what's happening to you dear father, and what this would mean to the House of Belcroft. I cleared the house of the other staff as a precaution, and denied every request for visit, citing your mother's departure as a reason for the Lord's indispositon. I called upon you, because I don't know who else can help us unravel this matter quietly."

"I see... You did well, Olin" said Erika. She didn't like being pulled from the line of duty, but if her father was declared a heretic, there would be no duty to return to. "How is father now?"

"He is resting, Mamzel. I was administering him a sedative when you arrived."

"Very well. Better to let him recover. I will talk with him in the morning, and we can see how to handle this."

"As you please, Mamzel. I will leave you to accomodate now"

"Thank you, Olin."

At that moment, a servitor mounted on a grav-plate hovered into the room, holding a silver tray with a bottle of amasec and an empty glass. It set the items on the small table in front of Erika. She poured herself a glass, and sunk into the cushions of the tall back, thinking.











